Update Ledgerutil Docs (#3481)
hyperledger/fabric: docs/wrappers/ledgerutil_preamble.md

# ledgerutil

The `ledgerutil` or ledger utility suite is a set of tools useful for troubleshooting instances on a Fabric network where the ledgers of peers on a channel have diverged. The tools can be used individually or sequentially in a variety of divergence scenarios with the goal of helping the user locate the initial cause of divergence.

## Syntax

The `ledgerutil` command has two subcommands

  * `compare`
  * `identifytxs`

## compare

The `ledgerutil compare` command allows administrators to compare channel snapshots from two different peers. Although channel snapshots from the same height should be identical across peers, if the snapshot files indicate different state hashes (as seen in `_snapshot_signable_metadata.json` file from each snapshot) then it indicates that at least one of the peer's state databases is not correct relative to the blockchain and may have gotten corrupted.

> The `ledgerutil compare` command will output a directory containing set of JSON files if the snapshots are not identical to assist with troubleshooting in these situations. Two output JSON files will include any key/value differences sorted by key, one for public key/value differences and one for private key/value differences. A third JSON file will include any key/value differences (public or private) sorted by block and transaction height so that the user can identify the height where a divergence may have first occurred. The ordered key/value difference JSON file will contain the earliest n differences, where n is a user chosen number passed as a flag to the `ledgerutil compare` command or a default value of 10 when no flag is passed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ledgerutil compare` command will output a directory containing a set of JSON files if the snapshots are not identical to assist with troubleshooting in these situations. Two output JSON files will include any key/value differences sorted by key, one for public key/value differences and one for private key/value differences. A third JSON file will include any key/value differences (public or private) sorted by block and transaction height so that the user can identify the height where a divergence may have first occurred. The ordered key/value difference JSON file will contain the earliest n differences, where n is a user chosen number passed as a flag to the `ledgerutil compare` command or a default value of 10 when no flag is passed.
```

```
{
  "ledgerid":"mychannel",
  "diffRecords":[
    {
      "namespace":"_lifecycle$$h_implicit_org_Org1MSP",
      "key":"e01e1c4304282cc5eda5d51c41785bbe49636fbf174514dbd4b98dc9b9ecf5da",
      "hashed":true,
      "snapshotrecord1":null,
      "snapshotrecord2":{
        "value":"0c52a3dbc7b322ff35728afdd691244cfc0fc9c4743c254b57059a2394e14daf",
        "blockNum":1,
        "txNum":0
      }
    },
    {
      "namespace":"_lifecycle$$h_implicit_org_Org1MSP",
      "key":"e01e1c4304282cc5eda5d51c41795bbe49636fbf174514dbd4b98dc9b9ecf5da",
      "hashed":true,
      "snapshotrecord1":{
        "value":"0c52a3dbc7b322ff35728afdd691244cfc0fc9c4743c254b57059a2394e14daf",
        "blockNum":1,
        "txNum":0
      },
      "snapshotrecord2":null
    },
    {
      "namespace":"marbles",
      "key":"marble1",
      "hashed":false,
      "snapshotrecord1":{
        "value":"{\"docType\":\"marble\",\"name\":\"marble1\",\"color\":\"blue\",\"size\":35,\"owner\":\"tom\"}"
        "blockNum":3,
        "txNum":0
      },
      "snapshotrecord2":{

>         "value":"{\"docType\":\"marble\",\"name\":\"marble1\",\"color\":\"blue\",\"size\":35,\"owner\":\"jerry\"}","blockNum":4,

Reviewer: move blockNum to next line for readability and easy comparison with snapshotrecord1.

        "txNum":0
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

> The field `ledgerid` indicates the name of the channel where the comparison took place. The field `diffRecords` provides a list of key/value differences found between the compared snapshots. The compare tool found 3 differences. The first diffRecord has a null value for the field `snapshotrecord1` indicating that the key is present in the second snapshot and missing in the first snapshot. The second diffRecord has a null value for the field `snapshotrecord2` indiciating the opposite scenario. Both diffRecords have a `hashed` value of true, indicating that they are private key/value differences. The third diffRecord contains data in both snapshot fields, indicating that the snapshots have divergent data for the same key. Further examination reveals the snapshots are in disagreement about the owner of the key `marbles marble1` and the height at which that value is set. The `hashed` field is set to false indicating this is a public key/value difference.

Reviewer: For the first two differences, it looks like the same key. How can it be in snapshot1 but not snapshot2, AND in snapshot2 but not snapshot1? Maybe this wasn't meant to be a realistic sample... in any case it is a bit confusing, I'd recommend keep the sample JSON very simple by removing the 1st and 2nd difference and just keep the 3rd difference which makes the intent very clear.

## identifytxs

> The `ledgerutil identifytxs` command allows administrators to identify lists of transactions that have written to a set of keys in a peer's local block store. The command takes a JSON file input containing a list of keys and outputs a JSON file per key, each file containing a list of transactions, if the available block range is valid. When troubleshooting a divergence, the command is most effective when paired with the `ledgerutil compare` command, by taking a generated output JSON file as input and mapping the relevant keys to their respective transactions. The command does not necessarily have to be used in tandem with the `ledgerutil compare` command and can be used with a user generated JSON list of keys or an edited `ledgerutil compare` output JSON file to filter transactions in a more general approach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ledgerutil identifytxs` command allows administrators to identify lists of transactions that have written to a set of keys in a peer's local block store. The command takes a JSON file input containing a list of keys and outputs a JSON file per key, each file containing a list of transactions, if the available block range is valid. When troubleshooting a divergence, the command is most effective when paired with the `ledgerutil compare` command, by taking a `ledgerutil compare` generated output JSON file of key differences as input, so that `ledgerutil identifytxs` can identify the transactions on the blockchain associated with the in doubt keys. The command does not necessarily have to be used in tandem with the `ledgerutil compare` command and can be used with a user generated JSON list of keys or an edited `ledgerutil compare` output JSON file to filter transactions in a more general approach.
```
